Add how to request a working group (#912)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/communication.rst

Meetings on chat
----------------

The Ansible community holds regular meetings on various topics on Matrix/IRC, and anyone who is interested is invited to participate. For more information about Ansible meetings, consult the `meeting schedule and agenda page <https://github.com/ansible-community/meetings/blob/main/README.md>`_.

.. _working_group_list:

Working groups
==============

Working Groups are a way for Ansible community members to self-organize around particular topics of interest.

> Our community working groups are represented in forms of `Forum groups <https://forum.ansible.com/g>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
Our community working groups are represented in Matrix rooms and  `Forum groups <https://forum.ansible.com/g>`_.
```
